[eerie music]
[eerie music continues]
[water droplet]
[violin music begins]
[violin music continues]
[wind chimes tingling]
[radio static]
[violin music continues]
[loud cockerel crowing]
[knife slicing]
[fire igniting]
[ashes being collected]
[ashes scattering]
[man whispers]
[book sliding]
[eerie music]
[ashes scattering]
[floorboards creaking]
[shallow breathing]
What are you doing?
[gasping]
[woman] Stop.
[heavy breathing]
You are...
hurting us.
Burn in hell.
[ashes scattering]
[gasping]
[speaking Hebrew]
[building creaking]
[demonic noises]
No...
[silence]
[child giggling]
[angelic music]
What are you
doing Yosille?
You know what happens when I
don't feed.
This isn't real.
[demonic whispers]
[ashes shifting
under foot]
[little girl] Don't you want to
see your wife again?
No more.
[Yosille] I will never feed you
again.
Very well.
[little girl] Stay in your
circle, Yosille.
There are always others.
Wait.
You promise?
[demonic noises]
[little girl] A life...
[demonic voice] for your wife.
[giggling]
[footsteps]
I'm coming Aida.
Forgive me God.
[Yosille screaming]
[demonic noises]
[demon roaring]
[demon roaring ends]
[scolding]
[demon roaring]
[demonic screaming]
[squelching]
[somber music]
[eerie sounds]
[street chatter]
[car horn]
[children playing]
Hey...
Means a lot that you came.
Claire, you can say it.
What?
[in Yiddish accent] "Art may
love you, but you,
you will neverbe family."
He said that.
Yeah he said a lot of crazy
shit.
This time will be different.
[Art] He's loosened the
Yarmulke.
Trust me, he's changed.
[Claire] I hope so.
Just don't forget,
you're carrying his only
grandkid.
It'd be a bad idea to
piss you off.
Hmm, that's right.
Just give the old man a chance.
I'm here, aren't I?
Yes you are.
[kiss]
Alright.
[sigh]
[car door opening]
[car door closing]
[sigh]
[street chatter]
[piano music plays]
[Art] Welcome home, Art.
[door closing]
[car boot closing]
[piano music continues]
[street chatter]
[door opening]
[man] All the holy
books and scriptures
does not always
prepares us
for tragedies
such as this.
Chazal teaches us,
that in the beginning God spoke.
and with these
holy letters
created the Universe.
From the blade of grass
to the burning stars
that shine above us,
all made of his holy letters
spoken at the
beginning of time.
A man of heavenly perspective
restores the letters of
creation.
[Rabbi] But in times of tragedy
who can say that...
How did you grow up like this?
It was a laugh a minute.
[shushes]
Ah, I'm so sorry
[Claire] I didn't mean to um...
[door shutting]
Great start.
Yeah, very good.
[male voice] Don't take it
to heart.
Death can bring out
the worst in people.
[footsteps]
[man] Welcome home, son.
It's good to see you dad.
God, did I miss you.
And you-- the famous
Claire. Britain's finest.
[scoffs]
It's fine.
Oh!
We're family, right?
So, um...
Come and see your room.
[piano music]
[cutlery clinking]
[Claire] Mmm! Oh my God.
[Dad] Good, no?
[Claire] Good? This is
delicious!
Did you make this?
I've never had a
dumpling that's--
No, no, no not dumpling.
- Kreplach.
-Ah,kreplach.
That's very good!
So, um, tell me.
Boy? Girl?
Ah, it's a girl.
Ah!
Perhaps she can learn to
write like her mother.
You read my articles?
I did a little digging.
Oh, it's just light
editorial work.
She's being modest.
Claire's a great writer.
On her way to writing a
cookbook for the ages.
[giggle]
And she likes my kreplach?
Y'know
Food connects the body to
the soul so they say.
[phone buzzing]
[Claire] That's lovely.
Hmm?
Uh hmm.
I'm just gonna uh...
Excuse me.
[footsteps]
I should've gone to your
wedding.
When you see the world a
certain way,
it's not easy to accept change.
I'm sorry.
-It's alright.
-No.
No, it's not.
Well,
We're here now.
Yeah.
Did you show them the contract?
[male voice]What contract?
Until your Dad signs
his house cannot be used as
collateral.
Just, uh-- tell them his
lawyer's looking over
the finer details as we speak.
We're closing soon.
[male voice]Soon is not
gonna cut it.
I know Claire's invitro
nearly wiped you out
but the bank doesn't give a
shit.
How long have I got?
[male voice]Without your dad's
house on the line,
you've got no leverage.
At this point, Art,
if you don't get his
signature by the end of the
week,
rest assured, the bank
will take your home.
Oh, and this, this is
our backyard.
No.
You would be amazed at
the size of the lemons we grow.
That's beautiful. That's
just beautiful.
You know, my father,
alav ha-shalom,
always used to say, "the
home, is the heart."
Open home, open heart.
You're gonna have a
very lucky kid.
[sighs]
[eerie music]
[Dad] I should probably
move that.
What happened to her?
[puffs]
What can I say, her name
was Sarah Scheindal.
We prayed, we hoped, we...
searched.
And eventually we found her.
Yeah, it was terrible.
Just terrible.
You don't need to know.
That's enough of all this.
Sorry, I was just um--
Well your wife has
just been showing me pictures.
Such a home. My son, the
real estate machor.
[laughing]
To new beginnings, hmm?
L'chaim.
- L'chaim.
-L'chaim.
To life.
[buzzer sounding]
Oh! That must be Heimish.
No rest for the wicked!
[buzzer sounding repeatedly]
HEIMISH] [Heimish] Did the
schmuck arrive?
It's open! It's open!
Even the dead are impatient.
[hangs up phone]
[Dad] Now...
You wanna do a mitzvah?
[elevator door opens]
[footsteps]
[switch clicks]
[doors creak open]
[doors swinging shut]
[doors bump]
[wheels squeaking]
HEIMISH] Well look who it is,
huh?
HEIMISH] The prodigal son
returns.
HEIMISH] How you
doin', boychik?
Good to see you, Heimish.
I heard you
piped a shiksa.
Don't worry, we'll convert her.
Heimish. Behave.
[doors opening]
[bag thumps]
So, Reb'' Arthur, what
brings you to Brooklyn?
You miss my kugel?
Call my wife
a shiksaagain,
I'll cock you
in the mouth.
What? You come to make
peace before the baby's born?
That's very wise.
[Heimish] Look at you, the great
business machor
helping us with the grunt work.
Such humility, Arthur.
[water running]
You're an idiot.
You smell that?
It smells like chazer.
[water stops running]
You got a problem with my diet?
I wasn't talking about
your diet, boychik.
-[door opens]
-[Dad] Something wrong?
Nothing at all. Right Arthur?
[Art] Nothing.
Just like old times.
[body bag unzipping]
Oi...
What happened?
Nebach.
Sruli ruled it a suicide.
You knew him?
Yosille Fishbein.
Brilliant scholar.
[Dad] After his wife
died, became a recluse.
Last I heard, he got
lost in the esoteric.
Desperate to contact
the wife on the other side.
It was only a few months ago,
that we did the funeral
for her.
He tried everything
to save her life.
What's a man without his wife?
[Dad] A good man.
[speaking Hebrew]
[Dad] Such is life.
What a riddle.
[book opening]
[speaking Hebrew]
Amen.
Sarah Scheindal's
ferry is confirmed
we're all good
on tomorrow.
Good.
You keep that
on your head.
Some things never change.
[door opening]
Saul, can I have a quick word?
[agreeable grunt]
Go ahead. I''ll get it started.
[Heimish] Don''t forget
tachrisim.
[Saul] Ah, he knows, he knows.
Ah, he's going to mess it up.
He's not going to mess it up.
Don't mess it up.
[doors creaking shut]
[rubber gloves crackling]
[eerie music]
[body bag unzipping]
Oh my God.
[eerie music intensifies]
[metal bucket thumps]
[tap water running]
[straining]
[metal thump]
[grunts]
[footsteps]
[knife drops]
[eerie music intensifies]
[water dripping]
[background traffic]
You really don't find
it suspicious
that he shows up
after all this time?
You should've heard him on
the phone.
He really wants to start again.
It took a lot of growth
to come here.
I know he's your son.
But all is not butter
that comes from the cow.
You don't have the heart of a
young man no more.
Don't you love him?
[groaning]
Yeah, of course
I love him.
But I don't trust him.
[fabric ripping]
[eerie music]
[eerie music continues]
[demonic whisper]
[water dripping]
[grunting]
[loud sound]
[amulet shattering]
[lights switching off]
[lights buzzing]
[Saul] Arthur,
you alright?
Yeah, everything's good.
[Saul] You mess it up?
I swear the farkaktewiring
has a mind of its own.
[door opening]
[foot shuffling]
[amulet dropping]
You okay?
Uh hmm.
Still scared of the dark?
Boo!
Very funny--
[Yosille gasps loudly]
Just a little rigor
mortis.
The body's last hurrah.
Yeah, I'm starting to remember.
[water tap turning]
[eerie music playing]
Why don't you check on
Claire? Hmm?
What? Did I do something wrong?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'll finish up here. We
can do the rest tomorrow.
Go.
Go and get some rest.
Dad, can I ask you a question?
Of course.
[somber music playing]
I...
Don't matter.
Another time.
[Saul] Heimish takes good
care of me. You know?
Try to get along.
[Saul] Oh and Art...
I'm glad you're back.
M-me too.
[doors sliding open]
[revolving doors closing]
[water dripping]
[metal clanking]
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[metal clanking]
[ominous music]
[Saul] Yosille, Yosille...
What have you been up to?
[bell chimes]
[footsteps]
[door creaking]
[distant whispers]
[ominous music continues]
[music intensifies]
[echoing howls]
[floor creaking]
[indistinct whispers]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[door opening]
[loud whispers]
[high pitch ring]
[noise fades]
[silence]
[ominous music playing]
[door creaking]
[wind blowing]
[music continues]
[door creaking]
[music intensifies]
[door closing]
[music fades]
Art?
[ominous music playing]
[bedsheet waving]
[bed creaking]
[exhale]
[heavy breathing]
[yawns]
[light switch flips]
[heavy breaths]
[door creaking]
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[light switch flips]
[switch flips]
[loud screams]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[heavy breaths]
[birds chirping]
[exhale]
[bed creaking]
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[male voice] After
these words,
God asks Abraham to sacrifice
his beloved son Isaac.
But we must ask,
[phone ringing]
[male voice]is this a God to
believe in?
a God who plays cruel
mind games with his loyal
servants?
Our Holy Zohar explains what
most don't--
[tape paused]
[phone ringing]
Shalom's warehouse.
Hello, Reb Chayim?
I-it's Saul.
-[Chayim] Saul?
-Yes, I need a favor.
Sure.
[Saul]I may have found
something.
Ayin, koof, dales.
[Chayim] This is
on the knife?
Yeah, this is
on the knife.
Koof, dales,
[Saul] and saf.
It's an ancient warding
inscription.
What, you know of this?
It's a... one of God's
hidden names written backwords.
[Chayim]It's for invoking
sheidim,
and for sealing them.
Sealing them?
Yeah, often in a body, but uh...
honestly Saul, I, I wouldn't pay
it too much attention.
It's an old buba maisa.
[Chayim] I mean,
today's world,
[Chayim] who has the know-how
to seal a demon in a body?
And what if someone did?
Alright, look.
Was there a pendant?
[Saul] What?
On the body.
Was there a pendant,
an amulet of some sort,
preserving a holy letter?
-No, no.
-You sure?
Yes of course, just, just
the blade.
So what's the drama?
No pendant, no seal.
Which means, there is
no way you picked up
a body containing a demon.
[Chayim] But say you did.
[Chayim]the worst an
entity like this can do,
is mess with your mind.
It's powerless whilst
it's in a body.
But honestly Saul,
[Chayim]unless you're in the
business of burning bodies...
I wouldn't
worry about it.
Worse things have
happened to the Jews, Saul.
[Chayim] OK?
Have a good Shabbos.
[Chayim] Alright, bye.
[receptor down]
[tapping on the receptor]
[knock]
Ah!
Look who it is!
What are you up to?
Oh, just a little morning read.
You haven't seen Art?
Woke up early, offered to help.
Really?
Yeah, I don't know
what you've done with him.
[Saul] Who knew?
Hungry?
Starving.
[hearse door opening]
[coffin sliding out]
God.
[speaking Hebrew]
Sarah Scheindal.
[man] I hope they find this sick
meshugenah.
[sliding noise]
[wind chimes]
[ominous music playing]
[walls creaking]
[music continues]
[wind chimes]
[music intensifies]
[sigh]
Oh, come on Saul.
You're driving yourself crazy.
[ominous music continues]
[sliding noise]
[door closing]
[demonic noises]
[camera clicks]
[camera noise]
[loud noise]
[gasp]
[eerie music playing]
Hello?
[clock ticking]
[eerie music continues]
[camera clicks]
[sigh]
[eerie music continues]
[indistinct whispers]
[camera static]
[loud screaming]
[camera smashing]
[ghostly whispers]
[Heimish singing in Hebrew].
[phone buzzing]
[Heimish humming]
Yes?
[Jake]Art, it's Jake Bennett.
How are we holding?
Art's busy right now, can I take
a message? I'm his assistant.
[sigh]
[Jake]Look, just let him
know that we met his terms,
but the bank was clear.
He won't be getting a loan
unless we have his father's
place as collateral.
We need him to sign the
contracttonight or this deal
goes away.
I'll be sure to tell him.
[exhales]
[lip smacking]
[Saul singing in Hebrew]
[continues singing in Hebrew]
[singing in Hebrew]
Oh!
Claire?
[Saul] Look at you.
[Saul] Every Friday night,
the men sing to their
wives and...
and tell them that beauty
is just a passing breath.
But their kindness, their
humanity,
that is what every soul
truly desires.
We're a very misunderstood
people.
It's the burden of investing so
much
in internal meaning, it's...
it's hard for outsiders to see.
Y'know...
comforting others didn't really,
[clears throat]
prepare me for my own grief.
I...
I should have...
spoken to Art more, maybe
shouted less, I don't know.
[inhales]
Sometimes,
reflection comes too late.
Hmm?
Are you alright?
Can I ask you something, Saul?
Yeah, of course. Anything.
Er...
Do souls ever call out
to you for,
for help?
The dead are just like the
living, Claire.
They still need love.
[door slamming open]
[Heimish] You know what
your son is up to Saul?
[Art] Heimish!
He things you're a
piece of toast to butter up.
Go ahead, tell him!
-Tell him!
-Tell me what?
All this, it's
a game Saul!
It's a game.
He's a ganav.
-What did you--
-A thief.
That is not--
They're selling this
whole place from under you--
What? What you talking about--
They didn't come here
to reconcile Saul.
They came here to use you!
That is not, that is not
true. Dad--
He's committed your property to
some goyisheland
developer--
That is not true!
I'm sorry but th-that
is outrageous.
That is not the case, ok Dad?
-Yes it is!
-I can explain--
[Saul shouting]
[paper rustling]
[scoffs]
You knew about this?
-What was that?
-It doesn't matter.
-Can you just--
-We're leaving.
Can you just talk to me?
Claire, can we do this later?
No, we can't!
[Claire closing suitcase shut]
Everything's gonna be fine,
okay?
Art, I want the truth.
I haven't been able to
sell a house in two years.
[scoff]
It's okay, I talked to the bank,
refinanced the house--
You refinanced the house?
You told me that you had
everything under control.
I-I left my job. I didn't have
to do that. You told me,
that everything was okay.
And then here I am, choosing
colours for the baby's room
and picking furniture when we're
on the verge --
We're not on the verge--
You know, you were
lying to me for two years.
We're supposed to be a
family. We're having a baby.
What was your plan, Art?
Huh?
I mean, what were you thinking?
Did you see his face downstairs?
[Art] Let me tell you
about downstairs.
That God, love and holiness.
That's a lie.
I watched my mother rot
in that room,
and when I needed him,
you know what he told me to do?
He told me to go away
to synagogue and pray.
So I prayed.
I prayed and I prayed,
"God don't take her.
God have mercy.
God don't hurt her!"
I cried so much to God,
there were no more words
left on the page.
[weeping]
[Claire] You need to go
down there and talk to him
and make this right.
If we leave now, you'll
always regret it.
[sniffing]
I didn't come here to
butter him up
[Art] Okay? I-
I wasn't going to sell
the house from under him.
[sniffing]
I just needed to find the right
moment to ask him face to face.
I didn't want to hurt anyone.
[Arthur] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
[elevator door opening]
[soft music playing]
[music intensifies]
[soft music continues]
[tablet bottle shaking]
[music continues]
[paper unfolding]
[street light buzzing]
[buzzing stops]
[clock ticking]
[clock ticking stops]
[ominous music playing]
[noise from corridor]
Arthur?
[lights blinking]
[ominous music]
[curtain blowing]
Hello?
[music continues]
[doors swinging open]
[doors creaking]
[wind howling]
[sinister music]
[sinister music continues]
[lights blinking]
[demonic noise]
[gasps]
Ah!
[Saul banging on the door]
[sinister music intensifies]
[silence]
[shallow breathing]
[exhales]
[lamp switching on]
[loud noise]
[lightbulb exploding]
Ah!
[demon gargling]
[praying in Hebrew]
[sinister music continues]
[continues praying]
[Saul choking in pain]
[footsteps]
[Saul choking]
[loud thud]
[sinister music droning]
[birds tweeting]
[sigh]
[footsteps]
Dad?
[door creaking]
What's going on?
[door closing]
[emotional music]
Dad?
[exhaling]
What did...
Hum.. What happened?
What happened?
[man] His heart...
gave up.
[Heimish] No.
[emotional
music continues]
[paper unfolding]
You broke it.
[heavy breathing]
[door opening]
[violin music]
[door closing]
[sniffing]
[heavy breathing]
Would you all just mind um...
Could you g-- just give
me a minute?
[violin music continues]
[sobbing]
[ghostly whispers]
[fabric tearing]
[faint chatter]
[somber music]
[woman] Oh she's so sad. So sad.
[somber music continues]
[door opening]
[chatter]
[speaking Hebrew]
I didn't know he was sick.
Saul, he wasn't a complainer.
Oh.
His heart was ailing him
for a while or--
Not today Chayim, please.
[thump]
[sigh]
[thumping]
[heavy breathing]
[Heimish singing]
[thumping]
[singing in Hebrew]
[static noise]
[group singing]
[wood scratching]
[singing intensifies]
[singing louder]
[wood scratching]
[loud singing]
[static noise]
[scratching]
[shirt tearing]
[intensified singing]
[static noise intensifies]
[static noise stops]
[singing continues]
[ominous music]
[door creaking]
[intense music]
[music fades]
[thump]
[ghostly whispers]
[door creaking]
[silence]
[ominous music]
[static noises]
-[children playing]
-[woman 2] Oh look at them!
[woman 1] Oh, of course.
Here they are again.
[woman 2] I don't know
how they get their energy,
you know? So fast.
[demonic sound]
[woman 1] Of course! So, you
know...
[loud scream]
[whimsical music]
[ominous music]
[Sarah crying]
[angelic chorus]
[crying]
[lullaby]
[ghostly wind]
[ominous music]
[heavy breathing]
[eerie music]
[music intensifies]
[music stops]
[chatter]
[static]
[piano music]
[loud thud]
[gasps]
[angelic music]
[heavy breathing]
What do you want?
[ghostly whispers]
HELP ME!
[screams]
[Claire sobbing]
I'm so sorry.
[distant footsteps]
[Claire] Art?
Art?
Art, there's something really...
really weird happening.
[static]
Art, are you listening to me?
There's something
really...
Something really,
reallywrong.
[heavy breathing]
Art?
Talk to me.
Hey?
What's going on?
I need to sleep.
[electrical buzz]
[clock ticking]
[light blinking]
[eerie sound]
[static]
[static intensifies]
[static stops]
[demonic growling]
[wood scratching]
[carving]
[eerie music]
[music intensifying]
[demonic hum]
[humming stops]
[gasping]
[sobbing]
What's wrong?
[heavy breathing]
[bed creaking]
Hey.
[sobbing]
I think I'm going crazy.
-Ok.
-[sobbing]
Let's go home, Arthur.
[sobbing]
It's okay.
[metal sliding]
[man] This a joke? Art...
It's not like you're asking us
to lug a sofa out of the garage.
[man] What is this?
Where's Heimish?
Look, you still got the
admission pages.
Body was due to ship out two
days ago.
[man] It's a suicide! We
need a police report.
What?
You know, where's Heimish?
He doesn't work here anymore.
[man] You still have the
telephone?
Let's just say I deleted
his number.
[man] Well, look...
Unless you can transfer
custody to a next of kin.
[man] You're going to have
to wait for police clearance.
A next of kin?
Arthur, if I were you,
put your broigusaside.
[man] Just call Heimish.
[speaking Hebrew]
Yeah, you too.
[thump]
[bag rustling]
[car engine]
[car door shuts]
[street chatter]
[road works]
[door unlocking]
[door creaking]
[silence]
Hello?
[door creaking]
[door closing]
[switch clicks]
[floorboards creaking]
[footsteps]
[eerie sounds]
[building creaking]
[discordant music]
[eerie music]
[floorboards creaking]
[wind chimes]
[whispers]
[eerie music]
[discordant music]
[pages shuffling]
[intense music]
[exhale]
[building creaking]
[Art] Summoning attempt?
[piano music]
[button clicks]
[cassette whirring]
[Yosille]I don't know
what's real anymore.
Days...
inside nightmares.
[Yosille]Inside dreams.
Somewhere, in there,
I know I made,
a terrible mistake.
[Yosille sobbing]
It's a trickster.
A shapeshifter.
An ancient predator.
[speaking Hebrew]
A taker of children.
[dramatic music]
A--
Abyzou.
[tape ends]
[rustling]
[somber music]
[ghostly whispers]
[house creaking]
[menacing music]
[floorboard drops]
[suspenseful music]
[rustling]
[footsteps]
[floorboards creaking]
[loud banging]
God!
[wind chimes]
[eerie music plays]
[door creaking]
This is the home of Saul, no?
I'm sorry, we're no longer in
business.
[Aida] But you and I,
we are still very much in
business.
In your basement, you
have someone very dear to me.
[Claire] I am sorry. Who are
you?
Aida Fishbein.
And you,
you're the one who has
my husband.
[tape recorder whirring]
My name is
Yosille Fishbein,
and I have finally found the
cure for death.
Last night after months of
research by fire and ink,
I finally
conjured Martiel.
[Yosille] The
archangel of life.
[static buzzing]
Here is the interface between
Heaven and Earth.
Today, we bring back my
beloved Aida from Heaven.
[eerie music]
[demonic noises]
[Yosille] Do
you hear that?
The Archangel wants us
to begin.
Your prayers can bring
back my beloved Aida.
Go ahead Sarah.
[ominous music]
[ominous music
intensifies]
[Yosille] It's working.
[television static]
[ominous music continues]
[giggling]
It tickles.
[ominous music continues]
[static noise]
Something's wrong.
No.
[shouting]
[screaming]
[gasps]
[thud]
Sarah?
[ominous music]
[demonic noises]
What are you?
[television static]
[phone buzzing]
Art, I've been trying to
get hold of you.
Th-there's someone here.
[static]
Art?
She says,
[Claire] she's the wife
of the man downstairs.
Claire?
[static]
[loud music]
[gasps]
Must we wait?
My sweet husband.
I just take to see his face.
Please.
[clock ticking]
[ominous music]
Please?
[elevator doors opening]
Don't worry.
[eerie music]
[shutters rattle]
[intense music]
[intense music continues]
[wind chimes]
What a sweet time.
[ominous music]
[shutters rattling]
Shouldn't be much longer
for you.
What?
The baby. Shouldn't be
much longer.
I can tell with these things.
[lights flickering on]
[eerie music]
This one.
How do you know that?
It's written right there
on the wall.
My hands... won't you?
Uh, maybe we should wait.
For what? A
drawer? Please!
[exhales]
[door opening]
[sliding noise]
[eerie music]
[Aida] You know this man.
Don't you?
[Claire gasping in pain]
[shallow breathing]
Why Yosille?
[Aida] He should have listened.
What have you done to me?
Not me, your dream.
[Aida] You've been infected.
[groaning in pain]
Soon, your child will join
countless others.
The many lost souls,
calling out for help.
Only you can stop this curse.
Before it's too late.
[gasping]
The pendant?
[gasping in pain]
[Claire gasping]
[droning music]
Burn it!
[Aida] From this, do we suffer.
From this, will
you suffer?
Hurry! Burn it!
[droning music]
[discordant music]
[fire burning]
[flames roaring]
[screaming]
[roaring]
[glass shattering]
[droning music]
[heavy breaths]
Come on, please.
[music intensifies]
[lights switching off]
[shutters rattling]
[gasping]
[eerie music]
[shallow gasping]
[loud noise]
[crying]
[elevator doors closing]
[building crumbling]
[glass shattering]
[building collapsing]
[gasping]
[door rattling]
[eerie music]
Oh God!
[door rattling]
[heavy breathing]
[dialling tone]
No!
[sobbing]
[dialling tone]
[Art] Claire?
-Art?
-[Art] Closer.
Art?
[Art] Closer!
[Art laughing]
[elevator ping]
[elevator doors opening]
[Art laughing]
[Claire gasping]
[heavy breaths]
[footsteps]
[heavy breathing]
[Aida cackling]
[footsteps]
[quiet breathing]
[eerie music]
[music intensifies]
[glass cracking]
[eerie music]
[screaming]
[discordant music]
[glass shattering]
Claire?
[discordant music continues]
What are you doing Arthur?
Sarah?
[demonic sound]
Where's my wife?
[ghostly whispers]
Oh Claire, Claire, Claire!
Please, Claire!
Claire wake, please.
What did you do?
W-what did you do?
[gasping awake]
[groaning in pain]
-Okay, okay--
-Art, something's wrong.
Okay, we're, we're
getting outta here.
[Claire groaning in pain]
[eerie music intensifying]
[piano music]
[glass shattering]
A life, for a life.
[gasping awake]
[gasping in pain]
[Claire] Art, something's wrong!
Something's wrong.
[music intensifying]
[piano music]
[heavy steps]
[Sarah] Shall we make a deal?
[music intensifies]
[children laughter in distance]
[children laughter]
[ominous music playing]
[Sarah] No more pain.
No more fear.
You want me to get you a child.
No.
[demonic noises]
[loud whispers]
[loud whispers intensify]
[glass crashing]
[loud whispers
intensifies]
Shut up!
[loud whispering stops]
[gasping for breath]
[gasping]
[bed squeaking]
[phone dialling tone]
Please don't hang up.
[banging on the door]
[door creaking open]
[door closing]
Show me the tape.
[ demonic sounds]
-[Yosille] Get out!
-[ Sarah screaming]
[thud]
[Yosille] Sarah!
[demonic sounds]
[Yosille] What are you?
[television static]
This, this thing...
it's in the house?
I think so.
It has my wife.
[heavy breathing]
What do I do?
I know a Kabbalist.
[knocking on the door]
[door opening]
[Chayim] Heimish.
[eerie music]
Arthur.
[door closing]
[violin music]
What is that thing?
A sigil.
[ominous music]
An altar, a sacrificial
altar to those who enter it.
Did you feed it?
What?
Did your wife go in this sigil?
Uh...
[haunting music]
I don't know.
Where is Yosille's body?
[lights flickering on]
[haunting music]
It's been freed.
It's vessel's been shattered.
What is this thing?
Bringer of miscarriages.
Taker of children.
[light bulbs exploding]
[hurried footsteps]
I must finish, what
Yosille started!
Where's the rest of it?
-I--
-Where's the rest of it?
Since before the era of
concealment,
Abyzou has been inflicting
misery and miscarriage
forcing the bereaved and
the desperate to feed it.
Until God intervened,
and called upon Abraham to...
sacrifice his son.
CHAYIM] [Chayim] Forever binding
Abyzou.
Until Yosille brought it back.
It'll make you see things.
Feel things that aren't real.
Whatever it takes to get what it
wants.
A child inside that sigil.
[ashes scattering]
But with this pendant, we can
bind it,
and our prayers will force it
inside.
Only we determine how much good,
and evil enter our realm.
So how do I kill it?
[footsteps]
There is no kill.
[haunting music]
You trap it.
How?
[haunting music intensifies]
Like Yosille did.
[violin music]
And this would save my wife?
And my baby?
[violin music]
[violin music continues]
[Chayim] We have no time.
[Heimish] Chayim, there
must be something else we can
do.
There must be another way.
There's no other way.
You must complete the entirety
of the binding ritual.
Once I finish the ash circle, do
not stop.
[doors swinging open]
[windows shattering]
Stay in the circle!
[neck snapping]
[thud]
[droning music]
[growling]
[lights shattering]
[demonic noises]
[carpet rolled up]
[ashes scattering]
[Heimish] Do it quickly.
[Art] I'm going as fast as I
can.
[Heimish] we don't know
what this thing c--
[demonic sound]
Heimish.
[fire igniting]
Why don't you hear me?
God, please!
Dad?
[screaks]
Art... Arthur?
H-how did you?
Do what it wants.
I was a fool.
D-don't leave me,
don't leave me, please!
Save your wife!
[fire crackling]
What are you doing?
Hey! Arthur!
-Arthur!
-I saw my father.
No, no, no!
Whatever you saw, that
wasn't your father.
This.
[violin music]
Hold it.
This was your father.
Okay?
[violin music continues]
[violin music intensifies]
Finish the circle.
Stay in it.
[footsteps]
[ashes spreading]
[fire stocker being picked up]
[angelic music]
[ashes scattering]
Heimish!
[Abyzou growling]
[screaming]
Heimish!
[yelling]
No!
[Heimish yelling]
[Art] Heimish!
[loud thud]
[intense music]
[music stops]
[silence]
[heavy breathing]
[exhales]
[praying in Hebrew]
[demonic growling]
[growling echoes]
[heavy breathing]
[praying in Hebrew]
[Claire] Art?
Art.
Claire.
[Claire screams]
[Claire screaming]
[banging]
[glass shattering]
[Claire screaming]
[loud crash]
[piercing noise]
[yelling]
[noise intensifies]
[sound fades]
[static]
[prays in Hebrew]
[droning stops]
[gasping]
[door opening]
[pages flipping]
[droning music]
Claire!
-Help.
-Claire!
[Claire] Art!
[droning music]
Art!
Claire!
[screams]
Art!
Art, please!
[prays in Hebrew]
Art!
[praying in Hebrew]
[droning music]
[Claire] Art!
[music continues]
Please, help me!
[dramatic music]
[prays in Hebrew]
CLAIRE][screaming]
[continue praying in Hebrew]
[demonic growling]
Amen.
[demonic roaring]
[Claire screaming]
[Art choking]
[Art chocking]
[Art grunting]
[Claire crying]
[heavy breaths]
[music intensifies]
[Claire screaming]
[heavy breathing]
[paper rattling]
[dramatic music]
[heavy breathing]
Art!
No!
[footsteps]
[grunts]
[Art] Heimish.
Heimish.
[Heimish struggling]
[grunting]
[moaning]
[heavy breaths]
[Art choking]
Do it!
I can't do it!
I can't!
-Please!
-Arthur, I can't do this
Do it!
[Art struggling]
[Art] Do it!
[gasping]
[Claire crying]
[dramatic music fades]
[struggling to breathe]
You should've stayed in
the circle.
[Heimish's voice echoes]
[ominous music]
[heavy breaths]
[music intensifies]
[menacing music]
[music fades]
[ominous music plays]
[Claire gasps]
[breaths heavily]
[birds chirping]
[Claire breathes heavily]
[Claire gasps]
Art!
Claire.
[hopeful music plays]
Thank God, are you ok?
-Yeah, are you ok?
-Yeah!
-Is the baby ok?
-Yeah.
[demonic voice] Good.
[ominous music plays]
[Claire gasps]
[heavy breaths]
[Art] Claire?
[demon roars]
[squelching]
[soft music plays]
Can you hear the tears of
loved ones lost?
Ghosts with shattered
hearts remain
Hear the souls who weep and
mourn their past
Desperate to
undo the stain
Reunite our souls, burst
through the haze
Untwist the maze
Please ease this pain
Spirits roam
in endless night
Searching for a distant
light
Sinners now concealed from
sight
Cling to hope with
all their fight
[soft music playing]
Hear the souls who weep, so
far away
May their prayers be heard,
I pray
Hear the souls who weep,
whose tears reach out
From the darkest edge of
day
Reunite our souls, burst
through the haze
Untwist the maze
Please ease the way
Please hear the souls who
weep
[soft music playing]
[intense music]
[whimsical music]
[music fades]